Update betheprofessional.md (#58)
PyDrocsid/documentation: docs/cogs/general/betheprofessional.md

# BeTheProfessional

> This cog contains a system with which you can give yourself roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cog contains a system for self-assignable roles (further referred to as `topics`)
```

> ## `role_list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `list_topics`
```

> The `.?` shows all roles which can be added to a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.?` command lists all available topics.
```

```css
.?
```

> ## `add`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `assign_topics`
```

> The `.+` command gives your self roles from the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.+` command assigns the user the specified topics.
```

```css
.+ <topic>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A role from the list. Multible topics can be added by using a `,` between them|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A topic. Multible topics can be added by separating them using `,` or `;`|
```

> ## `remove`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `unassign_topics`
```

> The `.-` command removes a selfrole from your profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.-` command unassigns the user the specified topics.
```

```css
.- <topic>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A role from the list. Multible topics can be removed by using a `,` between them. All roles kan be removed by using `.- *`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A topic. Multible topics can be removed by separating them using `,` or `;`. All topics can be removed with `.- *`|
```

> ## `new_topic`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `new_topics`
```

> The `.*` command adds a new role to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.*` command adds new topics to the list of available topics.
```

```css
.* <topic>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A new role (If the role not exist, the role is created). Multible topics can be registered by using a `,` between them.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|The new topic's name. If no role with this name (case insensitive) exists, one is created. Multible topics can be registered by separating them using `,` or `;`.|
```

> 

Reviewer: Add another newline for consistency

> ## `delte_topic`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `delete_topics`
```

> The `./` command removes (a) role(s) from the list and deletes the role(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `./` command removes topics from the list of available topics and deletes the associated roles.
```

```css
./ <topic>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A topic from the list. Multible roles can be deleted by using a `,` between them.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A topic. Multible topics can be deleted by separating them using `,` or `;`.|
```

> ## `disable_topic`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `unregister_topics`
```

> The `.%` command unregisters one or more topics without deleting the roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.%` command unregisters topics without deleting the associated roles.
```

```css
.% <topic>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A topic from the list. Multible topics can be removed from the list by using a `,` between them.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`topic`|:heavy_check_mark:|A topic. Multible topics can be unregistered by separating them using `,` or `;`.|
```
